Now it's time to devise a structure for cost panel, which is the one below the left panel.
There's so much code to write.
So let's begin.
Let's clarify that we're going to establish cost labels and input fields, because this panel contains
labels and input boxes for every product food cost, drink cost, dessert cost, subtotal taxes and
total.
So let's start with food cost.
Let's create a variable named food cost label, which is equal to a label.
So what will it contain?
A location which is cost panel.
Below left panel.
Let's add food cost.
The next parameter is font, which is dosis size 12.
In bold background is a zero for foreground is white and we created the label.
Now we should place it somewhere inside cost panel.
So food cost label grid and we want it to be in row zero on top of everything and in column zero on
the left.
Let's execute this.
We have a label that looks more like a button, but we'll take care of that soon.
Let's add an input box that should be next to that label.
So food cost, text entry and the value it will contain is the location in cost panel.
Its font will be doses size 12 and bold.
Its edge will be one.
Its width will be ten.
In state.
We will have to clarify what we'll be able to do with this.
Well, they're not editable.
We just want to see the sum of everything the customer has bought.
So this won't be editable, but read only.
The last parameter is text variable.
And just like we did with the rest of the input boxes, we're going to assign this a variable named
food cost var.
We haven't created that variable yet and we'll do that later.
That's why we're getting an error.
Now we have to place food cost text inside the grid.
In this case, Roe will be zero since it is on the top and column will be one, meaning it will be to
the right of food cost label.
Before executing this, we should create before the explanation a list of variables where we will be
create food cost via so as to get rid of the error and will make it be equal to string var.
Now we execute this and we have food cost and a blank space next to it.
Perfect.
Now we basically have to copy and paste because we have to repeat this with each of the six values we
need.
We have to create drink cost label now and we're going to do the same as before.
Let's make several selections to enter drink.
The rest will stay the same, except that the name of this label will start with a capital D.
We need to create the drink cost via variable, which is equal to a string var and now we should be
smart and create the other four variables we're going to need which are cost, dessert, subtotal taxes
and total.
These variables will store what's inside these boxes regarding location.
The drink cost will be in row one.
This looks nice.
So let's organize it a little bit more.
Let's copy, drink again and paste it below.
Let's change everything to dessert.
So we'll select everything.
Then delete, delete it and type dessert.
This will be placed in row two.
That is on the third row.
We execute this and we have our three elements, one below the other.
Let's create the three missing elements which are to be placed to the right of these.
Let's copy the last bit and go down here.
This label will be Subtotal and now we're going to replace what needs to be replaced.
It will be linked to the subtotal variable and they will be replaced in row zero and column two, which
would be the third column.
This one will also be placed in row zero and column three, which would be the fourth column.
Focus on this difference.
Subtotal is next to food cost.
Are you following me?
There are two left.
We're almost there.
Let's copy this element which will be named taxes.
So we'll change everything in order to enter taxes.
Let's modify this value too, so that it reads taxes in uppercase.
Now we have to change the location.
These ones have to be in row one, each one of them, and in columns two and three.
Okay, we have the taxes.
The last one is total.
So we need to delete taxes.
And I'm assuming you're doing this automatically without even watching the video.
And once you understand that, it's not that complex.
So we place them in row two.
Each one of them.
Columns two and three.
Perfect.
This doesn't look attractive at all.
We need other sizes, so we'll have to configure the padding.
Padding is the increased space inside the content area.
It makes the whole block bigger, but from the inside.
So inside the text variable will position ourselves on every one of these and will add one more parameter
to each one of those elements.
Let's add pad x equals 41.
Now let's execute this and we'll see that they were placed in the middle.
Now we have to change the background color.
So let's pick a nice one.
Let's go to the cost panel here and add a, B, G that is equal to zero four, which is the color we
chose for the labels.
If we execute this, we see a much prettier panel, and our labels don't look like labels.
They were like incorporated into the panel, yet they are separated from the edges of the left panel.
So we'll add one more variable to cost panel, which is pad x.
Let's put 40 and tested.
It's not quite right.
Let's enter 50 and that's it.
Much better.
The box is as wide as the panel, and I think it's better that way.
So we've almost finished the visual aspect of our application.
Let's go to the next lesson so as to continue with this.